gh-122399: change webbrowser.rst to better describe the contents of controller object (#122407)
python/cpython: Doc/library/webbrowser.rst

Browser Controller Objects
--------------------------

> Browser controllers provide the :attr:`name` attribute, and these three methods
> which parallel module-level convenience functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser controllers provide the :attr:`~controller.name` attribute,
and the following three methods which parallel module-level convenience functions:
```
